c:\users\amila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\boostrap1\boostrap1\bin\NIBMProject.dll
c:\users\amila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\boostrap1\boostrap1\bin\NIBMProject.pdb
c:\users\amila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\boostrap1\boostrap1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\amila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\boostrap1\boostrap1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\amila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\boostrap1\boostrap1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\amila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\boostrap1\boostrap1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\amila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\boostrap1\boostrap1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\amila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\boostrap1\boostrap1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\amila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\boostrap1\boostrap1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\amila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\boostrap1\boostrap1\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\amila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\boostrap1\boostrap1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\amila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\boostrap1\boostrap1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\amila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\boostrap1\boostrap1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\amila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\boostrap1\boostrap1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\amila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\boostrap1\boostrap1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\amila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\boostrap1\boostrap1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\amila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\boostrap1\boostrap1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\amila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\boostrap1\boostrap1\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\amila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\boostrap1\boostrap1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\amila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\boostrap1\boostrap1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\amila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\boostrap1\boostrap1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\amila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\boostrap1\boostrap1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\amila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\boostrap1\boostrap1\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\amila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\boostrap1\boostrap1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\amila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\boostrap1\boostrap1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\amila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\boostrap1\boostrap1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\amila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\boostrap1\boostrap1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\amila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\boostrap1\boostrap1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\amila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\boostrap1\boostrap1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\amila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\boostrap1\boostrap1\obj\Debug\NIBMProject.dll
c:\users\amila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\boostrap1\boostrap1\obj\Debug\NIBMProject.pdb
C:\Users\amila\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\NIBMProject.dll
C:\Users\amila\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\NIBMProject.pdb
C:\Users\amila\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\amila\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\amila\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\amila\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\amila\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\amila\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\amila\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\amila\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\amila\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\amila\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\amila\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\amila\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\amila\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\amila\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\amila\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\amila\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\amila\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\amila\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\amila\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\amila\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\amila\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\amila\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\amila\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\amila\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\amila\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\amila\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\amila\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\amila\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\obj\Debug\NIBMProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\amila\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\obj\Debug\NIBMProject.dll
C:\Users\amila\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\obj\Debug\NIBMProject.pdb
D:\movies\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\NIBMProject.dll
D:\movies\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\NIBMProject.pdb
D:\movies\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\movies\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\movies\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\movies\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\movies\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\movies\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\movies\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\movies\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\movies\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\movies\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\movies\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\movies\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\movies\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\movies\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\movies\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\movies\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\movies\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\movies\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\movies\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\movies\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\movies\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\movies\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\movies\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\movies\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\movies\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\movies\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\movies\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\movies\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\obj\Debug\NIBMProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\movies\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\obj\Debug\NIBMProject.dll
D:\movies\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\obj\Debug\NIBMProject.pdb
E:\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\NIBMProject.dll.config
E:\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\NIBMProject.dll
E:\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\NIBMProject.pdb
E:\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\obj\Debug\NIBMProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\obj\Debug\NIBMProject.dll
E:\NIBMProject\NIBMProject\obj\Debug\NIBMProject.pdb
